<!-- TITLE: Stsb 2019 -->

# Facebook Ads

Headlines:

* Plan better trips for less money
* Travel longer for less.
* Learn to plan incredible trips
* Plan luxury vacations for less
* How to have high end vacations for less
* Plan High End Vacations For Less

Audiences:
* Retargeting
* Opt-in
* TGBTK
* Finance
* UHOMB

**Copy1:**

> The Smart Travel Super Bundle 2019 is OPEN!
> 
> We’ve scoured the internet for the best eBooks, eCourse, and workbooks.  This bundle is absolutely PACKED with value.
>  
> Inside the Smart Travel Super Bundle, you’ll find over $1,200 worth of eBooks, eCourses, workbooks, and printables so you can save money on your next trip, stay organized, pack like a ninja, and even make money while you’re gone.
>  
> Best of all? You can get it all for only $47. That’s 98% off the total value of the individual items.
>   
> Even if you only use a couple of these books or courses you’re saving money!
>  
> This sale only runs for 5 DAYS.  Click here to learn more now.

**Copy 2**

> The Smart Travel Super Bundle 2019 is OPEN!
> 
> Your next trip is within reach. You don’t have to tell yourself the same old excuses that have been keeping you home.
> 
> Ultimate Bundles was born out of a want to travel more, for less money. Not only by our team, but also by the 35 travel blogging experts who have contributed their ebooks and courses to this bundle.
> 
> We’ve discovered what thriving long-term travelers do differently and we’ve packed all of that information into The Genius Blogger’s Toolkit!
> 
> With 30 incredible digital products from real travel experts, the Smart Travel Super Bundle has a complete library of practical resources… at a price that is seriously too good to miss.
> 
> Save money on your next trip, stay organized, pack like a ninja, and even make money while you’re gone with The Smart Travel Super Bundle.  Featuring 10 eCourses, 13 eBooks, 5 printables, and 3 bonuses for 98% OFF!
> 
> The Smart Travel Super Bundle is PACKED with information and has everything needed to get more out of travelling.
> 
> Click Learn More for full details!✏️✏️✏️


**Copy 3**

> The 2019 Smart Travel Super Bundle is about to CLOSE!
> 
> Are you ready to travel smarter and cheaper?!
> 
> Now’s your chance to save money on your next trip, stay organized, pack like a ninja and even make money doing so with resources from over 100 travel experts, all at an incredible discount.
> 
> Our team has curated the Smart Travel Super bundle to bring you 13 eBooks, 10 eCourses, 5 Printables, and 4 bonus products for over 97% OFF!
> 
> The Ultimate Homemaking Bundle is PACKED with information and has everything you need to finally stop dreaming and start traveling!
> 
> Click Learn More for full details!


Three most sucessful ad sets:
***PROD2019***
> 
> The Ultimate Productivity Bundle is OPEN! 
> 
> We’ve scoured the internet for the best eBooks, eCourse and worksheets.  This bundle is absolutely PACKED with value.
> 
> Inside the Ultimate Productivity Bundle, you’ll find over $1,500 worth of eBooks, eCourses, planners, and printables so you can live a more intentional life.
> 
> Best of all? You can get it all for only $37. That’s 97% off the total value of the individual items.
>  
> Even if you only use a couple of these books or courses you’re saving money!
> 
> This sale only runs for 6 DAYS.  Click here to learn more now.

***TGBTK2018***

> The Genius Blogger’s Toolkit 2018 is OPEN!
> 
> What if you could grow your blog and earn more money in LESS time than you’re spending now?
> 
> Ultimate Bundles was born out of blogging done right. Not only by our team, but also by the 1300+ bloggers who have contributed their ebooks and courses to our bundles.
> 
> After seven years of working with the best and brightest, we’ve discovered what thriving bloggers do differently.
> 
> And we’ve packed all of that information into The Genius Blogger’s Toolkit!
> 
> With 77 incredible digital products from real blogging experts, the toolkit has a complete library of practical resources… at a price that is seriously too good to miss.
> 
> Grow your blog, work smarter, and make more money with The Genius Blogger’s Toolkit featuring 41 eCourses, 15 eBooks, 9 printables, and 7 bonuses for 98% OFF!
> 
> The Genius Blogger’s Toolkit is PACKED with information and has everything needed to make more income as a blogger.
> 
> Click Learn More for full details!✏️✏️✏️

***UHOMB2018***

> The 2018 Ultimate Homemaking Bundle is about to CLOSE!
> 
> Are you ready to make homemaking and mothering easier and smoother today?!
> 
> Now’s your chance to simplify your home and life and feel AMAZING doing so with resources from over 100 homemaking and parenting experts, all at an incredible discount.
> 
> Our team has curated the homemaking library to bring you 62 eBooks, 33 eCourses, 34 Printables, and 8 bonus products for over 97% OFF!
> 
> The Ultimate Homemaking Bundle is PACKED with information and has everything you need to finally feel organized and reduce the stress of managing your home and life!
> 
> Click Learn More for full details!


