<!-- TITLE: Uhlb 2019 -->

# UHLB2019 Ads

**Headline:** 
> You'll be surprised at how close your healthiest life is

> $3,300 worth of eBooks, eCourses, Workbooks, Printables and Bonuses

> $3,330 Of Value For 98% Off

**Body:**

Option 1

> I know what you're up against.
> 
> That feeling of wanting to ensure every health aspect is taken care of, but knowing there are so many ways to take the wrong step… and how expensive it can be. 💰💰💰
> 
> That's why we created this year's Healthy Living Bundle with $2,235.92 worth of curated books and courses for just $29.97. Join the other 80,000 families that are making healthy living a part of their daily routine.
> 
> Click here to learn more!

Option 2 

> The Ultimate Healthy Living Bundle 2019 is OPEN!
> 
> We’ve scoured the internet for the best eBooks, eCourse, and workbooks. This bundle is absolutely PACKED with value.
> 
> Inside the Ultimate Healthy Living Bundle, you’ll find over $3,300 worth of eBooks, eCourses, workbooks, printables and bonuses so you can ensure every aspect of your health is truely taken care of.
> 
> Best of all? You can get it all for only $37. That’s 98% off the total value of the individual items.
> 
> Even if you only use a couple of these books or courses you’re saving money!
> 
> This sale only runs for 6 DAYS. Click here to learn more now.


## Ad Sets

* Retargeting - sales page visitors
* Retargeting - order form visitors
* Past UHLB Purchasers
* Opt-ins
* Opt-in page visitors 
* Past FITB Purchasers
* Past GUTSB Purchasers
* Past HEO Purchasers
* Past HMPB Purchasers
* Lookalike Opt-ins
* Lookalike HEO Purchaser
* Lookalike UHLB Purchasers
* Ultimate Bundles Page Likers


## Ad Types
1. Static image ads

2. Carousel ads
	* News feed
	* Right column
	* Instant articles
	* Instagram Feed
	* Audience network
	* Messenger

## Ad Placement
1. Facebook Feed
2. Instagram Feed
3. Audience network
4. Messenger
	



