<!-- TITLE: 20190612 -->

# Agenda

## HEOSB
Tim to line up debrief for Thursday
Jami to reach out to biggest affiliates asking if their expecatations were met

## Podcast
Talk to Jess about template
Figure out where hosting is
Work out process flow - who's doing what; editing, uploading, timelines
Trevor to make little into and outro for the video
Steph to record short intro for podcast -Steph to write this up this week
Podcast image and YouTube cover are required for each week
Steph to work out "show notes".  Lisa to create template for these.
Tim to help record and formalize the podcast process
Caroline to start a conversation with Trevor about a 10 second intro/outro video - non-chessey animation with a logo
Set up iTunes and hosting page by the 20th of June.
We'll need a Podcast landing page - Lisa to create copy for this.  Should be a simple index (i.e. https://www.everythingisalive.com/episodes/louis-can-of-cola)
Add timestamp into the process.  Rachel could do this.
Rachel will be in charge of summarizing the podcast / creating notes
Aim to stay 6 weeks ahead
Tim to create podcast channel in Slack

## Newsletter
Launch on Thursday 
At the start - run a survey to ask affiliates what they want to hear about
Jami and Caroline to work out standard template / format / structure

## Travel Bundle
Covers were finished yesterday by Carrie
Caroline is working on the value stack stuff today
Caroline is waiting on some background images to make the coming soon / sale ended page
Carrie is focused on getting banners finished
Tim to start making the list of affiliates to reach out to.  Use our network to ask if anyone knows someone who could promote.
Jami has three bonus partners confirmed

## UHLB 
Caroline is focusing on UHLB recruitment this week
Aiming to get some bigger contributors on board
Banners ready by next week
